Updated image for metamask tooling (#2433)
iotaledger/wasp: documentation/docs/guide/evm/tooling.md

> the bottom of this list, you will see the option `Custom RPC`. Click on this. For a local setup, use the values as shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the bottom of this list, you will see the option `Custom RPC`. Click on this. For example this would be the config to add the ShimmerEVM testnet
```

in the image below:

> [![MetaMask Network](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/assets/images/metamask-shimmerevm-ff076ce000f4c9708f75fd1e0fb53f07.png)](https://wiki.iota.org/shimmer/assets/images/metamask-shimmerevm-ff076ce000f4c9708f75fd1e0fb53f07.png)

Reviewer: Should be something like: 
```
![ShimmerEVM testnet confgi](/img/metamask_beta.png "How to configure ShimmerEVM testnet in metamask")
```

And than you should add the image to https://github.com/iotaledger/wasp/tree/develop/documentation/static/img/evm
